10.788929 M parameters
using device mps
step 0: train loss 4.2849, val loss 4.2823
step 500: train loss 2.0014, val loss 2.0865
step 1000: train loss 1.5976, val loss 1.7756
step 1500: train loss 1.4382, val loss 1.6391
step 2000: train loss 1.3415, val loss 1.5719
step 2500: train loss 1.2788, val loss 1.5274
step 3000: train loss 1.2253, val loss 1.5039
step 3500: train loss 1.1821, val loss 1.4892
step 4000: train loss 1.1449, val loss 1.4856
step 4500: train loss 1.1069, val loss 1.4764
step 4999: train loss 1.0764, val loss 1.4892

ESCALUS:
Enone, change my life.

LARIANA:
I do not for your cheer.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Is't all myself help.

CLARENCE:
Are you unhappy; for shall were I had.

ESCALUS:
Nor did you shallow me reason, my lord:
Peace, were what you again the Gloucester,
And you have quite me so the friends that hap
These we have, happy his own somewhat long. Thou this sir,
Forewere for that thou lost not hour heard,
A slip as stick as life that we had storn.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I required the best; and where we wild take
Not pling to favour or kings, were to rush:
Thou art solut and most body, and swelling is
A poor ols of what shames you: I do but below them;
I mean appreYor trusty you sup so fear of;
And take my breagutiful last report myselary.

QUEEN:
Will he then? Veril, then, sir? Fie, and thou pape,
And to good. By this lead gone, on it.
I think thought thou art more passing me to this powerful,
Than he would not again. By  thus; tell me away;
And, such a fault that I now shall flower you?
Ah, money, to Juliet, thou, a patient,
One things of both to shake thee, friar.
This Stafford's head and only upon thy law.
If will you all send us unto thus:
Ah, let's he see a woman's honesty to ma!

MARCIUS:
Thou dost dry, so, see them to hear a tlempt.
Surey how the has? let his hand; why, as't soft me hap
To them in the rand of great scourges on the cutse.

MARCIUS:
Farewell, go: no methinkes.

Servingman:
I am too sweet unsheap before the good of we.
There's a sudden should have less him no heard him rens;
And I am bolder, my Gaunt, thou art king; through'd
And here be my glory John any son-shine
Than one hear at Satihorous! wife, whence tackling?
Thy statester of this own, to lay it wrong mind!
Therefore, Mowbrary, what thou rust be fliery?
And was for kings? but condition, boy,
Stepp'd your enemy, ere there more:
Clown I is so that I, more come than out when?
Shall I see thee so fall villain? shall welcome.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Nay, not a friend and nurselant.
Art thou wildo wast for the feajusty forfeit?
No, amen, tell must you to know no truth-tige.

CAPULET:
Hold heart? What, Friar:
Speak bloody: senaters sit not your widowes son
To see heaven the sour company duke.

ROMEO:
O Cupitol! True! liberts! O prepare;
Here left, here it pass
We shall wealth we did wish hold that!
There's greatest orden.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
So remaim hence! Now deban with slows;
When where she brings she have sold on the Duke of,
And Master Romeo's blood to an full denthre,
Who of the earth of these fretting men.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Juse not succeed arrive a transport cource,
For hath the great York or Edward gold do thy death,
Never was seen thee flourish thee loude with tear;
But thou bring it is well drop:
Commedness could thy say I do go you;
The glass call for why somediate;
For we mean no more returned of more be too.
Against courtesy and blisson,
Crying allowing my child coats-stators!

ABPSON:
That sit fear of God beaution grace, let him us congeal
No low to assist Cry bend the bids the ear.

JULIET:
Peace, I live no virtue:
Which for the proverto reign call ging thee;
For I'll hear off, a pecites war,
A blow many coward, by my grief a maid
Obe-houses before.

FLORIZEL:
Plain them.

VOLUMNIA:
Stray, no further of mine; I vine we show
may be so; man to be sight we bold upon;
Yet, do not stiffe. Pray, she should not took here to kill
The maids.

LARTIUS:
His good name, face has an emight die as beats;
Cury all a party preparent, adding them duke
By spent all thyself. Tybalt men, hencefore,
Lord Argelo, 'Derby your wife and answer message
And not call This laughter.

SICINIUS:
He hath some worth than my last action.
This coly will poor glad en with window
That made live, in this casting,
Twice in the sin's prevaity,
He the new call'd a wit in bowlock or enderch.

ABRAKE:
I'll not the god, sir;
Or, my grave, good regard, which they have not singut
For they succession will put us to commend their brats.
Now Pots now, to all it deep to thy place of act
Tell thee, Petry, good save the waters,
And therefore they was sent to the fuit
Fruildhom who; weel one themselves? I say my places.
What it canst thou? as why Englishmany
By this conexition must want thy country's bone?
For let me six thy uncles was thy lengther'd
Upon riward fortune's due close. The rose them in my clost,
And all the eyet for the king. Thou dost murder him?

JULIET:
By telligences him while lies that hath grown too:
A thousand senten, before these of many
Have scorn them, from here well know their sover
And sleep his hird weak-speak, all this children
The holpy day of thee night;
Canstle, how news with 'dropp'd them;' shall bury
Dis often for comfort of his dull-butcherous say,
That, these wisdom with my ements, coldrin.
Should be have'd fought wontery on thy husband.
Cousin, we repeak and wings wreck'd thee my grace.
Nay, how the any mantle, why hath we been
My right brong to peace thy lurthron. Come, come, cowary;
What whence thou, callarry Romeo: come, you go.
Lord Mayory quean before him. But, come,
In haste, to-day, it out there's come.
I'll not deliver us: and that words
By sudden is sweet boys as muchless cur differses;
For just and twell is in lease have in blood
Upperish'd, Singmishing with us, for hundst the happy.
I'll most perforce the man's word
Have prove the made me still: and coats to me signs
To noble with him our grace.

HASTINGS:
I am am I confidence plead to again.

NORGZET:
His lawful hate, I denoyan my son?

KING EDWARD I:
To Hoverton against their eyes of that:
But cheris I came not by the sky shall wear the fool,
But his swellable anchor'd to fourtune thy lord.
Now she we under to suffer the fought
As the Tuke hearth by us, He's grown?

GLOUCESTER:
The dukest that 'twere better the war,
That Clifford Richard be tempted by the leg.
What is Norfolk Richard Grey?

BUCKINGHAM:
Say, that at off of this beastling Edwer Hereford's,
The Earl on such a tamorous writtend in the ectain's
Dead th sword stored place of twelve meteor wits build the
substiful taught. Officers their tongues are the grieves,
loves before they have double seen their bleeds;
More high nobly being the fothwith seateths jointy? They
Think to contagion! Montaguefician, go you
Cry you shall in this destrange on this veice?
And thou, the swords of deaf, all the death out--

CAllown:
It is the mother, Paris the day I wash
That I am not most ride that flatter bore my bonds,
And change thee when they should not be seen:
Some preposed; and how thou gavest further moans
Drumst Warwick with Franced blandays.
The king of gat? what force Clifford mantrer,
They like sill sear of ineversal stars my treason?
And  hears for our earth hath given to grow
For answer our ruins: Now perfect these gry:
The queen; then shall we clain me so.

CLARENCE:
Hear't is a sight and that way; there she wood,
And thus fr perform'd her that hold seems.

BARDIND:
Now, by His countrymen, by the watcher of York,
And yet, shalt he would not be our rid is four thrust?

RICHARD:
Ay, o' Clarence; why, you sit, tell us.
Ah:
Thou art too a deadful, welcome say thee, Bosomer;
Cartly, we with a prince wife, die it for give:
Hie thee till your royal, if show I should
fury of sprits tending wormserves more veils on the
emservius of spakewer and is as those tender
Leal me without revenge more with 'enown wonter till
no tought to suchare which commonsit show
Must shiely here, betray not.
So, to urge you are mothers, now honds
This did cnown will but the equal have gives't
Tower on of an head act on his face,
How tha peer we cleep to atal,
And take the good, gold mourn not. Steal, vile mercy,
I'll be glad but a gentle again. Which not I be,
The sweet may be forced me and meet the loss where,
Just on was. Nay, but not so hast no witned;
Thereat Paris in good orses, while pay
The may men hour gonest me as the wus; I am both:
I say: say thy stabbest then that thou sway
I would not suffled as France, say not it off,
Thou part book upon my horses since,
And burned away in the paint allso with that ever twest.

CAPULET:
Let us do the cause to the city;
I say the wixt overse, this piercing honour,
Or I am for one so too better than seas.
Presumeful persufver'd both we do one delay:
Tell us go what I do but take the no day,
Unsolute dares from the one service, whence times
True in banished rapted pity. And, know
Thyself were the news stadow, dream's
Unly thought greet of thy this hearty:
Miston'd far thou ever mean is so much valour.

DUKE OF YORK:
Cut with Clarence! O Tybalt!

DUCHESS OF AUSS:
Heave me the desting fought of all but sweet sights,
It were his country's full say when you has writting
Let's leen no smother fearful in melance.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
The gageder.
See husbandful friends; who is leg him, spoth could,
But let them home.

LORDST:
Good morrow, good my lord, marry lords,
I give my part to thee to mornow,
I shall not stwer to thee home. Let us all.
Come, sistiave me, in the break torment
May from the life loods. We cannot pluck no vice
That should have bred leave the him of you;
And who have show'd to life anon alliar,
Such a sing:ister shortly corfeit off close,
Have then in banish'd upon the idle of the king,
The blove that livew mothers and dailine that loud
Slow the place to his folly slyyonday!

SAMPSON:
Faith what never no pulchre,
We mayor at a Capitol. He lies
For thy knee, forbid.

PRIONTER:
Sir, withdrews thy wife, as a thief,
I would find-accasting fault were her by those;
It were to confort thee.

PAULINA:
He shall be with flatter.

POLIXENES:
Now now Romeo's body;
In the dearless so beast thereon:
I dares well redeem me.

LEOND:
O, see how you the lie.
'Tis found tomock his blood
And speed the tagation of AmeBlandy.

First Huntsman:
Intescastage his crowns shall.

SCLORIOLES:
O, be your grace!

LAD

LEONTES:

CATESBULLO:
I hone  some at Laurence.

GREEST:
What there were you with past that prince at once;
You had, not speak the sun as speech still,
As both amaze supplieves, shall forbear
The maiation of Hereford, how drops in Oxford hi